Release summary for Coq 8.15 (#15439)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/changes.rst

Summary of changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Coq version 8.15 integrates many bugfixes, deprecations and cleanups as well
> as a few new features. We highlight some of the most impactful changes here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coq version 8.15 integrates many bug fixes, deprecations and cleanups as well
as a few new features. We highlight some of the most impactful changes here:
```

>   - The apply with tactic :ref:`no longer renames arguments <815ApplyWith>`

Reviewer 2: Should we tag "apply with"?

Reviewer 3: You mean like this right?
```suggestion
  - The :tacn:`apply with <apply>` tactic :ref:`no longer renames arguments <815ApplyWith>`
```

Author: I link @Zimmi48 's suggestion, I must admit I was afraid of sphinx bailing on a missing :tacn: and a local link :) (I'm having trouble building the sphinx doc locally)

Reviewer 2: Sure the link is fine too, but at least make it a `tacn` since it currently doesn't look right: https://coq.gitlab.io/-/coq/-/jobs/1956862579/artifacts/_install_ci/share/doc/coq/sphinx/html/changes.html#summary-of-changes

>     unless using compatibility flag :flag:`Apply With Renaming`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    unless compatibility flag :flag:`Apply With Renaming` is set.
```

  - :ref:`Improvements <815Auto>` to the :tacn:`auto` tactic family,
    fixing the :cmd:`Hint Unfold` behavior, and generalizing the use
    of discrimination nets.

  - The :tacn:`typeclasses eauto` tactic has a new :ref:`best_effort <815BestEffort>`
    option allowing it to return *partial* solutions to a proof search problem,
    depending on the mode declarations associated to each constraint.
    This mode is used by typeclass resolution during type inference to
    provide more precise error messages.

  - Many :ref:`commands and options <815Commands>` were deprecated or removed
    after deprecation and more consistently support locality attributes.

  - The :cmd:`Import` command is extended with :token:`import_categories`
    to :ref:`select the components <815Import>` of a module to import or not, including
    features such as hints, coercions, and notations.

>   - An :ref:`interactive Ltac debugger <815LtacDebugger>` is now available in CoqIDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A :ref:`visual Ltac debugger <815LtacDebugger>` is now available in CoqIDE.
```

<https://hub.docker.com/r/coqorg/coq>`_ that are used in many Coq
projects for continuous integration.

The OPAM repository for Coq packages has been maintained by
Guillaume Claret, Karl Palmskog, Matthieu Sozeau and Enrico Tassi with
contributions from many users. A list of packages is available at
https://coq.inria.fr/opam/www/.

The `Coq Platform <https://github.com/coq/platform>`_ has been maintained
by Michael Soegtrop and Enrico Tassi.

Our current maintainers are Yves Bertot, Frédéric Besson, Ali Caglayan, Tej
Chajed, Cyril Cohen, Pierre Corbineau, Pierre Courtieu, Maxime Dénès,
Jim Fehrle, Julien Forest, Emilio Jesús Gallego Arias, Gaëtan Gilbert,
Georges Gonthier, Benjamin Grégoire, Jason Gross, Hugo Herbelin,
Vincent Laporte, Olivier Laurent, Assia Mahboubi, Kenji Maillard,
Guillaume Melquiond, Pierre-Marie Pédrot, Clément Pit-Claudel, Pierre Roux,
Kazuhiko Sakaguchi, Vincent Semeria, Michael Soegtrop, Arnaud Spiwack,
Matthieu Sozeau, Enrico Tassi, Laurent Théry, Anton Trunov, Li-yao Xia
and Théo Zimmermann. See the `Coq Team face book <https://coq.inria.fr/coq-team.html>`_
page for more details.

The 41 contributors to this version are

> Tanaka Akira, Frédéric Besson, Juan C, Ali Caglayan, Cyril Cohen, Columbus240, Adrian Dapprich, Maxime Dénès,

Reviewer: @Columbus240, would you like this to show your real name?  If so, please remind us what it is.

Reviewer: Also, I think Juan C is @JuanCoRo aka Juan Conejero.

Reviewer 4: I’m Stéphane Desarzens, thanks for asking.

Reviewer 3: It might be worth fixing the contributors list in the 8.14 release notes as well.

Reviewer 5: Yes, Juan C is Juan Conejero. Thanks for pointing it out :)

Christian Doczkal, Andrej Dudenhefner, Jim Fehrle, Attila Gáspár, Gaëtan Gilbert, Jason Gross,

> Hugo Herbelin, Jasper Hugunin, Bart Jacobs, Emilio Jesús Gallego Arias, Ralf Jung, Grant Jurgensen,

Reviewer: Emilio should be indexed under "Gallego", not under "Jesús".

Jan-Oliver Kaiser, Wojciech Karpiel, Fabian Kunze, Olivier Laurent, Yishuai Li, Erik Martin-Dorel,
Guillaume Melquiond, Jean-Francois Monin, Pierre-Marie Pédrot, Rudy Peterson, Clément Pit-Claudel,
Seth Poulsen, Pierre Roux, Takafumi Saikawa, Kazuhiko Sakaguchi, Michael Soegtrop, Matthieu Sozeau,
Enrico Tassi, Laurent Théry, Anton Trunov and Théo Zimmerman.

The Coq community at large helped improve the design of this new version via
the GitHub issue and pull request system, the Coq development mailing list
coqdev@inria.fr, the coq-club@inria.fr mailing list, the `Discourse forum

> <https://coq.discourse.group/>`_ and the `Coq Zulip chat <http://coq.zulipchat.com>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<https://coq.discourse.group/>`_ and the `Coq Zulip chat <https://coq.zulipchat.com>`_.
```

> <https://coq.discourse.group/>`_ and the `Coq Zulip chat <https://coq.zulipchat.com>`_.

Reviewer 6: It seems sphinx is not happy about other instances of this link being http

Author: Darn
